Thomas's hospital after he was admitted
with persistent coronavirus symptoms
during the course of this afternoon the
Prime Minister's condition worsened and
on the advice of the medical team he was
moved in to a critical care unit so in
light of those circumstances the Prime
Minister asked me as first secretary to
deputize for him where necessary in
driving forward the government's plans
to defeat coronavirus and as you all
know we he's been receiving excellent
care at some Thomas's Hospital and we'd
like to take this opportunity as a
government to thank NHS staff up and
down the country but all of their
dedication hard work and commitment in
treating everyone who's been affected by
this awful virus with the Prime Minister
now in intensive care this is obviously
an extremely serious situation I mean
how how worried should people be about
his health and about who's in charge of
the government well the government's
business will continue and the Prime
Minister is in safe hands with that
brilliant team absent Thomas's Hospital
and the focus of the government will
continue to be on making sure at the
Prime Minister's Direction all the plans
for making sure that we can defeat
coronavirus and pull the country through
this challenge will be taken forward are
you confident know that the government
is under control tonight there's an
incredibly strong team spirit behind the
prime minister and making sure that we
get all of the plans that the Prime
Minister's instructed us to deliver to
get them implemented as soon as possible
and that's the way we will bring the
whole country through the ground of
coronavirus challenge that we face right
now
[Music]
see the headlines as they happen and
watch BBC News live in the app and get
the full story with BBC decoder
UK forward slash news follow the story
for all the latest with BBC News